Add Secret Manager to function (#6)
ONSdigital/eq-submission-confirmation-consumer: README.md

If this is the first time deploying a Cloud Function to a project, the Cloud Build and Cloud Functions APIs may need to be enabled - navigate to `https://console.developers.google.com/apis/library/cloudbuild.googleapis.com?project=your-project-name` and `https://console.developers.google.com/apis/library/cloudfunctions.googleapis.com?project=your-project-name` to enable them.

> For the cloud function to work it needs a valid `notify_api_key` set, this can be done in 2 ways

Reviewer: We should add a note here that the environment variable shouldn't be used for formal environments.
```suggestion
For the cloud function to work it needs a valid Notify API key, this can be provided in two ways - a `notify_api_key` secret in GCP Secret Manager or a `NOTIFY_API_KEY` environment variable. The environment variable should only be used for development or testing, it should never be used for a formal environment.
```

**Secret Manager in GCP**

> Firstly check that Secret Manager in GCP is enabled, if not enable it. You can add the `notify_api_key` manually in the UI and update `App Engine default service account` to have `Secret Manager Secret Accessor` to the new `notify_api_key`.

Reviewer: I think this needs to be clearer. I wasn't sure where to update the App Engine default service account, but I did use the Secret Manager UI to add the permission via the Add Member button, using `<project_id>@appspot.gserviceaccount.com` as the member.

If this is the first time deploying a Cloud Function to a project, the Cloud Build and Cloud Functions APIs may need to be enabled - navigate to `https://console.developers.google.com/apis/library/cloudbuild.googleapis.com?project=your-project-name` and `https://console.developers.google.com/apis/library/cloudfunctions.googleapis.com?project=your-project-name` to enable them.

For the cloud function to work it needs a valid notify_api_key set, this can be done in 2 ways

**Secret Manager in GCP**

> Firstly check that Secret Manager in GCP is enabled, if not enable it. You can add the notify_api_key manually in the UI and update `App Engine default service account` to have `Secret Manager Secret Accessor` to the new notify_api_key.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Firstly check that Secret Manager in GCP is enabled, if not enable it. You can add the `notify_api_key` manually in the UI and update `App Engine default service account` to have `Secret Manager Secret Accessor` to the new `notify_api_key`.
```

or you can run the following gcloud commands

```
gcloud secrets create notify_api_key --data-file=<data_file> --project=<project_id> --replication-policy=<replication-policy> --locations=<locations>

gcloud secrets add-iam-policy-binding notify_api_key --role roles/secretmanager.secretAccessor --member serviceAccount:<project_id>@appspot.gserviceaccount.com
```

> N.B. replication-policy can be `automatic` or `user-managed`. If automatic neither `replication-policy` or `location` needs to be included in the command, if user-managed `replication-policy` and `location` must be provided

Reviewer 2: Although fine, prob only want to document what we will actually use, which I believe is always London region. So this isn't needed?

Author: We/someone else might in the future so I dont think it hurts to leave as is

> **Deploying with an ENV**

Reviewer 2: Can we use full form here, `Environment Variable`?

> You can also use an ENV if you do not have access to Secret Manager, you can do this by updated the `deploy_function.sh` to include `--set-env-vars NOTIFY_API_KEY=<notify_api_key>`

Reviewer 2: `ENV var` or `environment variable`.
